tan tan tan
tan tan
FOLLOW
n
can you do
dj yes
Ha
Also Micra like in this slightest were you after a long time is Well softening rut very much
Was not
After I was doing because it was cap release in two PlayStation alchemy also Well
There Okin Butcher now also massage motivation or say Naa It had entered also loaded specimen key
You can't beat it, there's a sense of getting lost
If you come to my room, I 'm sorry .
It looks so to speak so clearly Latin America low today
I do Did not think that the dopey town say that scale earn times
US maple shop Well the time being around that'll I'll batter the last time even if one by one read aloud 100
Is it only 100 to earn ?
I said something kara Sakuto Arima
Written by
ぇ せ い 気 聞 こ え 聞 こ え 聞 こ え 聞 こ え
First of all, I opened it slowly as I saw
The guy who made it in the interval of industrial life
So I introduced Yukari-san and roll .
Zunko from this time I voice of Udesu also not we also have participated and will Zunko me to Chinami
It looks like I bought it after looking at the rice
After wonder if there is no much is in advance or enter animation was just maybe the body
It is a marsha local income or survival report animation main part please
Honest 3 not come
Now to simmer announced the broadcast was thinking to Tamar while spear in merger PlayStation University
Come by all means if either the Na say if there stores that say I'm scale earn times
It is a place where I want blacksmiths or anything I would like to say it is an extra edition called shakukaikai
Dana Saaya
Of course Mr. Tokiji is necessary, but there is
It would be great if there is something department store trying and I are responsible for
Do not any good if there is the wall and whether there or various shops has entered
Adopted another three months of also was making Although it before will there's a station out department store specific problem is the store
The extent to which a certain point of Namaa now's the kind of can not think
I made a simple plan for the time being .
Said Well Te when absorbing Well Eraku simplified map of PECO's like this
I array no details Ah there is talk but not even as much as I step-by-step instructions
First of all here
Here is the station, in particular, the name has not been decided yet .
The middle rectangle just to the right is
Your house and my office in the total construction
I immediately above the long thin Do's convenience store
Arm here
Cocoa when there is a collection place for Imamurai
What
Station Bank one branch I beside it is a station post office point of view 1
The slightly larger rectangle in the vicinity is the department store role directly connected to the station up to 4 f.
It has led to 2 f and 4 f time and Higashitate to the department stores of this Nitsu the station
What are you thinking unexpectedly
Then there are 2 f in the annex and the station in the east and west, 8 f in total
Because, of course tie-up store Do not become that say so, one on each winding respect between and Higashikan is
Almost the same as Nishikan
See Oh and think of building size basis
Who come to the station from the east direction is going Tsu by entering from Higashimaki
The first place that the people who came down from the train at the people and Kawanishi museum there is a errands I in the main building to the department store
That's right, though this town is expanding around this station though it is in front of the station
Do you see that I wasted attract customers surgery
There is nothing for everyone to attract customers
A convenience store that can be used casually to working students before the main weapon
Because I'm right
Banks that it is better to withdraw money when you want
And the post office seems to be apt to be installed properly on some machines
Idiot I've been thinking ish it to Nari fool
Maa after the cultural center like facilities and bank city ​​head office
I have a head office in a bank
I understand why there are so many banks
1 Tokani'
Ison'na Toka Tokyo-Mitsubishi ufj Toka various safety in the real
It is okay to think about plants from various sources.
Once it is planned, it will be interesting if there are a lot of bank post convenience stores.
It is wasteful to be real
Toka is also leasing Toka office building that mean
Well, once I tentatively scheduled overthrow office buildings is this
The whole gay dog and something is in the office building 1 f
I do char For more details, do not know interesting even if there Toka securities if Naa often shop of real-oriented
The
I wonder because not once in detail but it is with a view
I think I would like to know what kind of police box or campus or craftsman
I wonder if there is a clear school
After a while, it 's only affiliated stores of department stores .
It's a miscellaneous item , or it's divided into lots and it's not enough
Even if it depends on the viewer, there is also the other party free of charge
Or there was within the range that can be
It's a great architecture, but it doesn't matter if you can't do it with the amazing character
I do not intend to reproduce
It is a reality tax to ask
I mean that well wonder if not it good
For now, this is a plan from now on
Once the building under construction has been completed
I will do my room
End of reporting
No way I Do not say the end Toka in the main this Neenee
It's called "flag" in the world.
That's why it ends
Ah ah
I 'm not motivated, so I ca n't help but wait for the rest 21
I'm working on it so Sasuke Sasuke
Who's Sasuke Ahon
eme
th
Hmm
dee
voodoo
th
dee
Putsu
Yeah yeah yeah